Clarify that punch toolcaps are not optional (#16720)
minetest/minetest: doc/lua_api.md

    * `groups`: Table of the node groups of the node that would be dug
    * `tool_capabilities`: Tool capabilities table of the item
    * `wear`: Amount of wear the tool starts with (default: 0)
* `core.get_hit_params(groups, tool_capabilities, time_from_last_punch , wear)`:
    Simulates an item that punches an object.
    Returns a table with the following fields:
    * `hp`: How much damage the punch would cause (between -65535 and 65535).
    * `wear`: How much wear would be added to the tool (ignored for non-tools).
    Parameters:
    * `groups`: Damage groups of the object
    * `tool_capabilities`: Tool capabilities table of the item

>     * `time_from_last_punch`: time in seconds since last punch action (optional)

Reviewer: `punch(puncher, time_from_last_punch, tool_capabilities, dir)` states `(can be nil)` thus:

```suggestion
    * `time_from_last_punch`: time in seconds since last punch action (can be `nil`)
```
